Update README.md (#62)
facebook/openr: README.md

### Dependencies

OpenR requires these dependencies for

> your system and  follows the traditional cmake build steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your system and follows the traditional cmake build steps below.
```

### Docker Building / Usage

> OpenR does now has a `Dockerfile`. It uses `gendeps.py` to build all dependencies + OpenR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenR now has a `Dockerfile`. It uses `gendeps.py` to build all dependencies + OpenR.
```
Is “does now” correct English?

> OpenR does not have a `Dockerfile`. It uses `gendeps.py` to build all dependencies + OpenR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenR does now has a `Dockerfile`. It uses `gendeps.py` to build all dependencies + OpenR.
```
